Things we still need to clean up before submission

1. Fix the file names for the final hand-in.
   The professor expects these exact files:
   - assessment_notebook.ipynb
   - research_notebook.ipynb
   - module.py

   Right now the newer files still have spaces / version names, so we should
   rename or copy the final versions before sending them.

2. Make sure the notebooks can actually import the module.
   Both notebooks use:
   import module

   So the Python file must be called module.py. If it stays as "module V1.py",
   the notebooks will not run on another computer.

3. Fix Signal 2 parameters in the assessment notebook.
   The research notebook selected:
   - trend window: 100
   - momentum window: 63
   - GLD momentum threshold: 0.0
   - TLT momentum threshold: -0.02

   The assessment notebook should use the same values. At the moment it uses
   200 and 126 for the first two, which does not match the research result.

4. Double-check that the final notebooks run from top to bottom.
   After the renaming and parameter fix, restart the kernel and run all cells
   once. The professor said the notebooks need to run stand-alone, so this is
   probably the most important final check.

5. Optional but safer: adjust the rolling Sharpe calculation.
   The assessment notebook uses NumPy array .mean() and .std() in one helper.
   This is still NumPy, but because the professor emphasized transparent
   numerical calculations, we could rewrite that small part with np.sum, like
   the statistics functions in module.py.


What last year's G8 notebook did better than us

They made the assessment notebook feel more complete as a presentation object.
There are more visible plots, more intermediate explanations, and more final
performance measures. 

They also included a wider set of statistics:
- Sharpe ratio
- Sortino ratio
- maximum drawdown
- Value at Risk
- buy-and-hold comparison

Our statistics are cleaner and more consistent, but theirs looks broader at
first glance. Should we take some from them ? 

They also showed the individual signals visually. For example, they plotted
price series together with buy/sell markers or indicator bands. We currently
focus more on final strategy performance. Their style is useful because it lets
the audience actually see what a signal is doing.


Ideas worth taking from them

1. Add one or two signal-specific plots.
   We do not need huge charts for everything, but it would help to show at
   least one example where the signal turns on and off. For example:
   - SPY price with shaded periods where the SPY/VIX signal is active
   - GLD price with shaded periods where the gold signal is active

2. Add one broader statistics table.
   We already have annualized return, volatility, Sharpe and drawdown. We could
   add Sortino ratio and maybe Value at Risk, but only if we implement them
   cleanly in NumPy and keep the explanation short.


3. Make the final assessment notebook more presentation-friendly.
   G8's notebook is not necessarily better methodologically, but it feels more
   like a document someone can scroll through during a presentation. We should
   make sure our headings, plots and final tables guide the reader without us
   having to explain every code cell.

